hi welcome to my video so you've lost
your IMEI so you've may have done a
faction reset or you've installed a new
ROM and for whatever reason your IMEI is
shown is invalid so in here I've got a
dummy IMEI on the top and an invalid one
for my second IMEI so I'm going to show
you how to make me restore it now you
need to get into what's called engineer
mode now there's many ways of doing it
but one way is to input a code now the
code for this phone is this code but
your code might be different so you need
to look that out on the Internet okay so
once in there your menu might be
slightly different but what we're
looking for is connectivity and then
down to CD s information then radio
information now to adjust sim one you go
to rate a phone one and to adjust sim
two you go to phone two sim two is the
one I wanna just because that's the one
that showing invalid so I need to get
into this menu here now you see 80 plus
up there I'm gonna just go after the
plus and just put e now when we're in a
sim one we want the top function you'll
see a menu come up we want the e GMR 17
but for sim - we want the eg mr 110 but
you must make sure you're in phone -
remember we win when we went back if I
go back one once more time if we're
doing sim to make sure and phone - if
you're doing sim one make sure and sim
one but on this one we're doing phone to
sim - so here type in the e and we want
to do that there okay the 110 now then
we want to go in between those quotation
marks you can see in between those
quotation marks a I have to be careful
and get right in between okay so once in
between that quotation mark I can put my
numbers in now a sim
number IMEI number it's 15 numbers if
you put more than that or less than that
it won't work so I'm going to put in 15
numbers and you must make sure it is
your IMEI number you're using because
it's not really legal for you to use
someone else's I me I number you must
use your own IMEI number okay so once
there we've put our IMEI number in we're
just going to do the same 80 command now
I'm going to show you something quickly
you see down here it says command is not
allowed let's do that again so you can
see it come on not not allowed and user
build that's because I need a space now
you'll get that and you need to put the
space now just before the 80 and the
plus or after even I need to put a space
between the plus and the e so I'll just
do that now now if I press the send 80
command 80 command is M sent so that's
work now so make sure you have that
space in in there and then it should
work fine so now we need to reboot the
phone and we'll see if the IMEI number
has stuck
there we are you can see that I my
number other put in both dummy IMEI
numbers by the way have stuck so that's
how you restore your IMEI with this
method I hope this has helped you and
thanks for watching the video please
share and subscribe to my videos many
thanks